---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nd Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# nd Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "scaffolding" {
  # example configuration here
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `annotation` (String) Global annotation for the provider. This can also be set as the ND_ANNOTATION environment variable.
- `cert_name` (String) Certificate name for the User in Cisco ND. This can also be set as the ND_CERT_NAME environment variable.
- `domain` (String) URL of the Cisco ND web interface. This can also be set as the ND_DOMAIN environment variable.
- `insecure` (String) Allow insecure HTTPS client. This can also be set as the ND_INSECURE environment variable. Defaults to `true`.
- `password` (String) Password for the APIC Account. This can also be set as the ND_PASSWORD environment variable.
- `platform` (String) Platform of the Cisco ND web interface. This can also be set as the ND_PLATFORM environment variable.
- `private_key` (String) Private key path for signature calculation. This can also be set as the ND_PRIVATE_KEY environment variable.
- `proxy_creds` (String) Proxy server credentials in the form of username:password. This can also be set as the ND_PROXY_CREDS environment variable.
- `proxy_url` (String) Proxy Server URL with port number. This can also be set as the ND_PROXY_URL environment variable.
- `retries` (String) Number of retries for REST API calls. This can also be set as the ND_RETRIES environment variable. Defaults to `2`.
- `url` (String) URL of the Cisco ND web interface. This can also be set as the ND_URL environment variable.
- `username` (String) Username for the APIC Account. This can also be set as the ND_USERNAME environment variable.
- `validate_relation_dn` (String) Flag to validate if a object with entered relation Dn exists in the APIC. Defaults to `true`.
